adds documentation for calendly (#204)
datamade/how-to: work-practices/external-meetings/README.md

# External meetings

External meetings are typically scheduled and managed by one or more partners. All meetings are scheduled on our respective [Google Calendars](../remote-work#google-calendar).

## Calendly

DataMade uses [Calendly](https://calendly.com/) to schedule meetings with clients and other people outside DataMade. Calendly syncs directly with Google Calendar and removes a lot of the back & forth work typically spent finding available times to meet.

Currently, only partners have Calendly accounts. These are the currently available Calendly links:

> * Derek: https://calendly.com/derek-eder

Author: since this is a public repo, not sure we should make these links available since they allow someone to book directly on our calendars

# External meetings

External meetings are typically scheduled and managed by one or more partners. All meetings are scheduled on our respective [Google Calendars](../remote-work#google-calendar).

## Calendly

DataMade uses [Calendly](https://calendly.com/) to schedule meetings with clients and other people outside DataMade. Calendly syncs directly with Google Calendar and removes a lot of the back & forth work typically spent finding available times to meet.

> Currently, only Derek, Forest and Hannah have Calendly accounts. These are the currently available Calendly links:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, only partners have Calendly accounts. These are the currently available Calendly links:
```
